Update virtual-lists.md (#2270)
atlassian/react-beautiful-dnd: docs/patterns/virtual-lists.md

</Droppable>
```

> However, a `placeholder` does not make sense in the context of a virtual list as the dimensions of the list is not based on collective size of the visual items, but rather is calculated based on things like `itemCount` and `itemSize`. (eg `height` = `itemSize` \* `itemCount`). For virtual lists, inserting our own node into it would not increase the size of the list. **So we need you to insert the space for us!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, a `placeholder` does not make sense in the context of a virtual list as the dimensions of the list is not based on collective size of the visual items, but rather is calculated based on things like `itemCount` and `itemSize`. (e.g `height` = `itemSize` \* `itemCount`). For virtual lists, inserting our own node into it would not increase the size of the list. **So we need you to insert the space for us!**
```
